1. What is the Content-Type for a record containing “Application Data”?
    23i (http maybe).

2. What version constant is used in your trace, and which version of TLS does it represent?
    0x0301 (TLS 1.0)

3. Does the Length cover the Record Layer header as well as payload, or only the payload?
   Only payload. 
   

Hello Messages
--------------

1. How long in bytes is the random data in the Hellos? Both the Client and Server 
include this random data (a nonce) to allow the establishment of session keys.
    32 bytes.

2. How long in bytes is the session identifier sent by the server? This identifier 
allows later resumption of the session with an abbreviated handshake when both 
the client and server indicate the same value. In our case, the client likely 
sent no session ID as there was nothing to resume.
    32 bytes.

3. What Cipher method is chosen by the Server? Give its name and value. The 
Client will list the different cipher methods it supports, and the Server 
will pick one of these methods to use.
    0xc011. Cipher Suite: TLS_ECDHE_RSA_WITH_RC4_128_SHA (0xc011)

Certificate Messages
--------------------

4. Who sends the Certificate, the client, the server, or both? A certificate is sent by one party to let
the other party authenticate that it is who it claims to be. Based on this usage, you should be
able to guess who sends the certificate and check the messages in your trace.
    The server.

Client Key Exchange and Change Cipher Messages
----------------------------------------------

5. At the Record Layer, what Content-Type values are used to indicate each of these messages? Say
whether the values are the same or different than that used for the Hello and Certificate mes-
sages. Note that this question is asking you to look at the Record Layer and not an inner Hand-
shake Protocol.
    Same as Hello Messages. Content Type :22 (Handshake)

6. Who sends the Change Cipher Spec message, the client, the server, or both?
    Both.

7. What are the contents carried inside the Change Cipher Spec message? Look past the Content-
Type and other headers to see the message itself.
    01.

Alert Message
-------------

8. At the Record Layer, what Content-Type value is used to signal an alert?
    21 (Alert).

9. Tell us whether the contents of the alert are encrypted or sent in the clear? To check this, see
whether you can read the contents of the alert to see what kind of alert has been sent.
    Encrypted.

