2.A Critical Events

This exercise helps you identify the sources of your values.  Think back over your personal history and identify the three to five most important episodes in your life, the moments that have defined who you are today. Tell the story of these events, in chronological order, and for each one, briefly describe the impact the event had on your values and on your direction in life. Write approximately one paragraph for each story. 

(Please keep in mind that -- as with everything in our course -- you should only write about what you feel comfortable disclosing here.  It might be helpful to use abbreviations or change names.  And feel free to write a second, more private version, for yourself in another document.)

Silicon Valley Stories
When I was a junior middle school student, I read an amazing book about startup company stories happened in Silicon Valley. I remembered some awesome company names like Intel, IBM and Microsoft, and had the dream that some day I would become a entrepreneur at Silicon Valley. After read that book I spent much time playing with my home computer to become a hack and read more books about IT skills and startup stories. This dream drives me to work hard towards my goal for the next ten years. Now I'm a graduate student majoring in Computer Science, and preparing to apply for jobs at companies located in Silicon Valley such Google and Facebook. I think I'm on my way towards my dream and have the plan that after working for those world famous IT companies I will found my own startup company. This dream becomes a guiding lamp for my entire life so ideal is really important for people.

Stakeholder Dialogue and Hard Working Matters
High school time was really tough for me. Once I thought I would have no chance to get admission from a good college because I always did terrible at exams. At that time I was also a naughty student and hated by my head teacher. I braced myself to have a conversation with him to seek for help. He helped me to analyze my situations and I realized that I still had the chance provided I put much more effects than others to my study. I started to act as a hard working student and make up for the lost. After a really tough time for more than one year, I finally did a great job at the college entrance tests and entered a top university. Today I hold the believe that hard work is always the good helper to achieve success. The conversation happened between my head teacher and me is a crucial turning point for me. Without that I wouldn't be a top-level university student studying in my favorite domain and met with so many talented classmates who inspired my later life, whom I will get to in the paragraph 'Best Friends'.

Best Friends
My first year at college was a little confusing. I just broke up with my high school girlfriend and found everything at college was awkward. I skipped classes all the time playing video games without stepping out of my dorm. Just before I thought I would finish my college time with endless video games, I met with a group of nice people who became my best friends and even life coaches. We hang out all the time. They cared about me and we built very good relationships. These guys are all great hacks and we taught each other interesting IT skills which are important for later career. Video games were not important any more because I found the interesing part of college life again. Thanks to these people my life finally returned to the right path. Now I'm employed by a world famous IT company as an software development engineer intern and have the chance to translate into a formal employee. Friends are so important that they can help you out of dilemmas and make you more social, confident, and felt supported.


2.B  Leadership Vision

A leadership vision is a compelling image of an achievable future.  Please describe your vision of the kind of leader you want to become, including the most important goals you have for the contributions you want to make to the world, by writing a short story of your future, 15 years from now.  

Here's how:  Briefly describe the journey of how you got there and then describe what a typical day looks like in your life 15 years from now.   What are you doing?  Who are you with?  What impact are you having on the world?

I will be a entrepreneur at Silicon Valley leading an IT company, and I will still have some close friends with whom we can drink beers and talk about everything we interested.
First I will enter a wold famous IT company, work there for several years and learn how to run an IT company. Then I will found my own startup company. Beside career, I will always focus one making friends because friends are very important for my life. I think my company will develop some exciting products which are used widely around the world (e.g., facebook).


2.C  Four Circles

This exercise helps you identify how important the different domains of your life are to you and how compatible they are with each other.  To do it, please visit www.MyFourCircles.com.  At this site, register and then follow the simple to instructions to:

 - Create your Four Circles picture.
 - Clarify what this picture means to you. 
 - Note ideas for Change that this picture evokes.  
 - Check with others for feedback by asking for specific advice.  
Finally, in the space below, post a link to your completed Four Circles.  This link is your response to this part of the assignment. Find the link on the top right of your Four Circles composition after you have completed it.  Feel free to use the other links there to share your Four Circles on social media or by email.

http://bit.ly/RhrbWK


2.D  Four-Way Attention Chart

This exercise complements the Four Circles by giving you an understanding of how you are focusing your attention on your four life domains today. The first step in completing the chart below is to copy and paste it into the response box below. 

    Domain          Importance      Focus of Attention
    Work / School   40%             55%
    Home / Family   15%             10%
    Community       25%             20%
    Self            20%             15%


2.E  Consequences of Your Choices

A leader's attention is his or her most important asset.  Think about the chart you just created in 2.D and write a paragraph about the consequences of the choices you now make about the focus of your attention.  What, for example, is the biggest disconnect in the relationship among your four domains and what is the effect of this disconnect on you and the people who matter most to you? 

The chart shows I should reduce the attention for work and put more effects on other domains. I always spent much time studying and working to improve my self as a high level programmer, but I don't have enough time to make more friends, care about parents, and care about my inner world. Yes, the efforts put on work made me an excellent IT enginner and wins a lot of material rewards, but happiness derives from not just from materials, but more from our inner world, and our relationship with outside world. I should put more effects on those part and I think that will make me happier and more passionate, which maybe will improve my performance at work.


2.F Satisfaction

In this last part of our assignment this week, after reflecting on the consequences of your choices, please complete the chart below to assess your satisfaction with each of your four domains.  First, copy and paste the chart into your response box below. 

    Domain          Satisfaction
    Work / School   9
    Home / Family   4
    Community       7
    Self            6

