1.A  Alumni Reflections

This exercise helps you understand more of what our course is about, from the perspective of people who have taken it. Please view at least two of the reflections videos on the Reflections page of our Total Leadership Web site.  Then write a comment about each of these two video clips (in a short paragraph for each) describing what you learned from listening to these alumni speaking about their experience. 

Kirk Brown

Kirk took the course to learn how to change his role from a key contributor to a team leader, from focusing on technical solutions to delivering his idears to two hundred people and influence them. This is a very common transformation for people as they get more and more promoted as a soldier to become a commander. One of the most important things he learnt from this class is vision, without a wide and deep vision you can hardly be a good leader. Dialogues with stakeholders is quite interesing. After you communicated with your stakeholders you realized that people don't expect as much as you think, so keeping your communication channel open is quite useful. He also emphasized the importance of continuing experiments beyond the course.

Andrew Basile

Andrew focuses on how to balance our life. He saied we must take this course seriously so that we can take away something useful after the course. I think it's quite important that we should take the course actively so we can really understand what it's delivering and then practice what we learnt into our life. This course will provide powerful tools for how to balance our life and Andrew could get to 5 out of 10. He also mentioned that it's important to think about whom your stakeholders are when taking the experiment.


1.B  Goals

As you are about to embark on your journey through our course, please describe, in a paragraph or two, (a) what led you to sign up for it and (b) what you hope to gain from it. Take a few moments to let your responses come to mind, then record your thoughts.

a) When sweeping over the title of this course I was caught by the word 'Leadership', which is scarce in my skill sets. After reading the description of this course and knowing this is not only about Leadership but also all kinds of skills of how to lead to a better life, I certainly would keep working on this course.

b) I hope to learn 1) how to balance life and work, which is a problem for me currently because I'm a busy software engineer, and 2) how to act as a leader for a small team and even a bigger team.


1.C  Skills

I will choose 6 and 14.

6) I hold myself accountable for doing what is most important to me in my life.
Life is short. There're too many thing waiting for us to deal with and we just have 24 hours a day, so focus on really important things is extremely important for us to maximum our performance in the fields we really care.

14) I seek creative solutions to conflicts rather than sacrificing one part of life for another.
Solving conflicts is hard as we may not have so much energy and time to balance all the things we want to do well. So creative solutions to conflicts are such a effective medicine to our problems. We could speed less energy and time to solve conflicts elegantly.
